---
title: "Christian Narvaez"
description: "Founder and CEO of Rayo Capital, a Web3 Accelerator & VC Fund"
tags: ["mentor", "Web3", "venture-capital"]
---

### About
[[Christian Narvaez]] is the Founder and CEO of [[Rayo Capital]], an early-stage [[Web3]] Accelerator & VC Fund. Rayo Capital's goal is to accelerate, fund, and support the best blockchain founders globally, with a focus on Latin America. 

Christian is also a Venture Partner at Ripio Ventures, a $25MM pre-seed & seed venture capital fund that invests across [[DeFi]], Gaming, and Infrastructure. Additionally, he co-founded [[Web3 Familia]], an educational non-profit with a mission to onboard 1MM Latinos to Web3.

### Previous Roles
Before his current roles, Christian was a Venture Partner at OP Crypto, a high-conviction, early-stage venture capital firm focused on connecting Asia and the West by investing in founders and asset managers in the Web3 ecosystem. He was also an investor at Rebel One Ventures, where he focused on early-stage startups within the FinTech/Web3 ecosystems. He currently sits on the board of The Blockchain Acceleration Foundation (BAF) and the Association of Latino Professionals for America (ALPFA).

### Education
Christian holds a B.A. in Economics with a minor in Spanish Literature from Baruch College.

### Projects
- Rayo Capital
- Ripio Ventures
- OP Crypto
- Rebel One Ventures
- Web3 Familia

### Topics of Expertise
- Product
- Growth & GTM (Go-To-Market)
- BD (Business Development) & Sales
- Fundraising
- Startup Acceleration
- DeFi
- Infrastructure & Development Tooling
- DAOs

### Additional Information
He is deeply involved in various aspects of the blockchain environment and focuses on funding, supporting, and accelerating blockchain startups.

---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at Mon, 26 Aug 2024 04:07:00 GMT