---
title: "DNAngeluS"
description: "Profile of DNAngeluS, a participant at Aleph and CEO & Founder of Khemlabs."
tags: ["Aleph", "participant", "Khemlabs", "CEO", "Web2", "Web3"]
---

## About Me
I'm Lucio, known in the community as DNAngeluS. I am the CEO and Founder of [[Khemlabs]], where we primarily build mobile and web apps for the entertainment and media industry. 

## Background
I'm an "old time" developer turned CEO, based in [[Buenos Aires]]. My tech journey began with an Intel 486 machine during my childhood, and I have remained passionate about technology ever since. Alongside my professional pursuits, I am an enthusiastic evangelist for [[crypto]].

## Professional Experience
At [[Khemlabs]], we focus on digital transformation and tailored solutions for the media/entertainment industry. Our projects span various domains, such as:
- Radio apps
- Streaming solutions
- Ticketing systems
- Multimedia experiences
- Gaming applications

While we primarily work within [[Web2]], we are actively pushing different [[Web3]] projects among our clients. Recent endeavors include crypto art and crypto ticketing solutions.

## Always Down For
I am always eager to engage in:
- Coffee chats
- Nerdy technical discussions
- Testing new technologies
- Tackling new challenges
- Snowboarding if the time, space, and snow conditions allow it 🏂

## Interests and Hobbies
As a self-proclaimed gamer, I have been involved with gaming since the days of Nintendo NES. I am passionate about exploring the intersection of technology and entertainment and am continually excited to meet new people and learn about innovative tech solutions.

## Looking Forward
I am enthusiastic about engaging with the vibrant community at [[Aleph]] and connecting with like-minded individuals who share my passion for technology and innovation.

Feel free to reach out if you want to connect during this event. 🙌

[[Buenos Aires]]

---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at Fri, 23 Aug 2024 20:58:27 GMT