---
title: "Horacio Lampe DApps Factory"
description: "Horacio Lampe is the founder and CEO of several companies specializing in Blockchain and FinTech solutions, including DAppsFactory and Action Fintech."
tags: ["Blockchain", "FinTech", "DApps", "Cryptocurrency"]
---

## About Horacio Lampe

**Horacio Lampe** is an entrepreneur engaged in the development of blockchain-based solutions. He is the founder and CEO of [[DAppsFactory]] and [[Action Fintech]], among other positions he holds in the industry.

### Roles and Responsibilities

- **Founder & CEO of DAppsFactory**: Specializing in developing decentralized applications (DApps) and providing comprehensive blockchain solutions.
- **Founder & CEO of Action Fintech**: Focused on creating and deploying FinTech solutions based on blockchain technology.
- **CTO of DTC**: Engaged in the development of tokens and decentralized solutions.
- **CEO of InnovAction**: Leading innovative blockchain projects.
- **Member of the ERC 3643 Association**: Actively participating in the regulation of tokenization in Argentina as a member of the Argentine Fintech Chamber.

### Services Provided

- **DApps Implementations**: Creating and deploying tailored decentralized applications.
- **Audits**: Conducting thorough audits to protect tokens and decentralized applications.
- **Development of Decentralized Solutions**: Crafting blockchain-based solutions for diverse business needs.
- **Consultancy Services**: Offering professional advice for blockchain-based solutions.
- **Training Services**: Providing training and support to internal teams.

### Industry Contributions

Horacio Lampe has been actively involved in shaping the regulatory framework for tokenization in Argentina. He collaborates with industry stakeholders and regulatory bodies to ensure the development of secure and innovative financial technologies in Argentina.

### Always Down For

Horacio is always eager to discuss blockchain, DEFI, ICOs, and the impact of technology on society. He enjoys social meetings and networking with professionals in the industry.

### Online Presence

For more information on Horacio Lampe and his work, you can visit his [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/horaciolampe/).

### Community Engagement

Horacio is looking forward to meeting and collaborating with other like-minded professionals and enthusiasts in the blockchain and FinTech space during events like [[Aleph]].

---

---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at Fri, 23 Aug 2024 20:58:27 GMT