---
title: "Nicolas Kenny"
description: "Software Developer and Community Enthusiast"
tags: ["person", "Argentina", "Aleph", "blockchain", "startups", "web3"]
---

### About Me
I am Nicolas, commonly known as "Kenny" (my last name). I’m from [[Argentina]], and I dream of traveling all around the world and meeting people from various countries and cultures. I’ve been working as a software developer since 2019. My journey into the world of [[web3]] is just beginning, and I am eager to learn more about blockchain and related technologies.

### What I Do
I have strong connections in the [[blockchain]] and [[startup]] ecosystems. Although I have yet to work extensively in web3, I have keen interest in this field and aim to make significant contributions. My professional background is in software development.

### Interests
- **Blockchain and Web3:** I am interested in meeting people who can teach me more about web3, blockchain technology, and entrepreneurship.
- **Entrepreneurship:** Involved deeply in the startup ecosystem.
- **Business and Coffee:** A fan of coffee and different business models.
- **Cultural Exchange:** Excited by the possibilities of learning about different cultures and improving my English.

### Aleph and Crecimiento
I am committed to contributing towards the growth of [[Aleph]] and its initiatives, specifically focused on Crecimiento. I look forward to making impactful connections and learning from the vibrant community.

### Contact Information
Feel free to reach out to me for discussions on blockchain, web3, startups, and more.

Let's collaborate and make significant advancements in the web3 space!

---

For more people, refer to:
- [[Matias Tirone]]
- [[Fran]]
- [[Luís Carchi]]

---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at Fri, 23 Aug 2024 20:58:27 GMT