---
title: "Tomas Gurvicius"
description: "Introduction of Tomas Gurvicius, a nomadic professional involved in crypto and real estate development."
tags: ["Argentina", "Aleph", "Crypto", "DeSci", "Real Estate", "Lithuania", "Digital Nomads", "Biotech"]
---

## Tomas Gurvicius

- **Background**: 
  - Tomas Gurvicius hails from [[Lithuania]], and he has been nomadic for over twenty years, traversing almost 80 countries, including [[Argentina]] and [[Uruguay]].
  - He has a background in Business & International Development.
  - Discovered crypto in 2013 and has been continually learning and innovating since then.

- **Current Roles**:
  - Recently joined [[beyondventures.tech]], focusing on innovation and technology.
  - Engages in real estate projects related to The Network State, including an ecovillage for digital nomads in [[Madeira Island]] and a coliving space in the Bulgarian mountains.

- **Personal Life**:
  - Tomas is married to a Greek wife, whom he affectionately refers to as his “lovely Greek wifey,” and they are both attending Aleph, even though she is not particularly into crypto.

- **Health and Interests**:
  - Diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes at 13, Tomas is actively exploring new Type 1 Diabetes management solutions, which he refers to as “biohacking” his life.
  - He is keen on engaging in physical activities such as asado, working out, and various sports, though currently, he is focused on stretching due to ongoing recovery from injuries.

- **Always Down For**:
  - Good coffee.
  - Asado (a traditional Argentine barbecue).
  - Any physical activity, including sports and working out, although he is currently rehabilitating injuries.

---

For interactions or queries, feel free to connect with [[Tomas Gurvicius]] during or outside Aleph events.

---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at Fri, 23 Aug 2024 20:58:27 GMT