---
title: "Wkyleg"
description: "Introduction details about Wkyleg from the Aleph Telegram group."
tags: ["Aleph", "community", "technology", "blockchain", "crypto"]
---

### About Wkyleg

I’m Kyle, known as Wkyleg online. Originally from Philadelphia, I lived in Washington D.C. after college and have been nomadic for the past two years with a home base in [[Buenos Aires]]. I studied Finance in college but ended up learning to code and becoming a software engineer. 

### Professional Background

I worked on research projects for the National Institutes of Health, National Cancer Institute, NASA, DARPA, and OSINT and Information Operations projects within the US Intelligence Community when living in Washington. More recently, I have worked at MakersPlace NFT marketplace and have been freelancing.

### Current Projects

- **Building**: I am currently building red3.me, a platform for launching on-chain Distributed Autonomous Corporations (DACs). This project is focused on the potential for ordinary on-chain companies, addressing needs arising from internal transaction costs.
- **Involvements**: I am also involved with [[HappyDAO]], which is dedicated to solving the mental health crisis by raising money to develop new anti-depressants and anxiolytics, especially new small molecule and precision psychiatry compounds.

### Hobbies and Interests

- **Languages**: Learning Spanish and Portuguese
- **Sports**: Playing Rugby, surfing
- **Leisure**: Reading philosophy, traveling, photography, playing guitar
- **Outdoor Activities**: Enjoying biking, hiking, boating, and exploring

### Contact Information

- GitHub: https://github.com/wkyleg
- X (formerly Twitter): https://x.com/wkylegDotEth
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/softwareengineer123/

### Always Up For

I am always open for chats about:
- The future of tech and society
- Network states
- Data ownership
- [[Obsidian]] and Knowledge Graphs
- Adaptive UIs
- Partying and dancing
- Historical tours and art experiences
- Sitting meditation or drinking mate

### Involvement in [[Aleph]]
Kyle is participating actively in [[Aleph]] and working on the Community Wiki Tool, an AI-powered interactive event archive, in collaboration with [[Hunter Horsfall]].

---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at Fri, 23 Aug 2024 20:58:27 GMT