---
title: "DTC"
description: "A company involved in blockchain technology and FinTech"
tags: ["organization", "blockchain", "FinTech"]
---

### Overview
[[DTC]] is a company specializing in [[blockchain]] technology and financial technology (FinTech) solutions. It is involved in various aspects of blockchain development, including decentralized applications (DApps), audits, and consultancy services.

### Key Personnel
- **[[Horacio Lampe DApps Factory]]**:
  - Role: Founder and CEO of DTC, also involves being the Founder & CEO of [[Action Fintech]], and CTO of DTC.
  - Contributions: Member of the ERC 3643 Association, actively participating in the regulation of tokenization in Argentina.

### Services Offered
- **Audits**: Conducting thorough audits to protect tokens, crowdfunding campaigns, and decentralized applications.
- **Development of Decentralized Solutions**: Crafting blockchain-based solutions to meet diverse business requirements.
- **Consultancy Services**: Offering professional advice for the development and implementation of blockchain-based solutions.
- **Training Services**: Providing training and support to internal teams for the effective implementation of DApps.

### Key Projects and Initiatives
- **Tokenization Regulation**: Actively contributes to shaping the regulatory framework for [[tokenization]] in Argentina, collaborating with industry stakeholders and regulatory bodies.

### Collaboration and Partnerships
DTC collaborates with various partners in the blockchain and FinTech sectors to develop secure and innovative financial technologies in Argentina. Its members regularly participate in different projects and events related to blockchain technology.

For more detailed information, you can connect with the founder, [[Horacio Lampe DApps Factory]], through his [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/horaciolampe/).

---
This content was generated by AutoGraph, a [TinyCloud](https://tinycloud.xyz/) product.
Generated at Fri, 23 Aug 2024 20:58:27 GMT